---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-04-05T00:08:23.926Z'
dateModified: '2016-04-05T00:07:54.178Z'
title: '2016'
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-04-05-2016.md
published: true
url: 2016/index.html
_type: Article

---
# 2016

A few days ago, I read about being 23 and the idea of "falling behind" amongst 20-something year olds being CEOs and selling multimillion dollar businesses. This millennial generation leads some of us to believe that we're not good enough or we're not on the right track in life. But what is the right track in life? Some may wonder what am I, a recent engineering grad, doing with my life working as sales at Tiffany's.. I wonder about that all the time but at the same time, I believe the experience will pay off someday in the future. Doing retail made me appreciate what it's like to have a degree and how many people out there are stuck with the idea of getting one but unwilling to leave what they think they do best. 
A few days later, I applied for some big boy jobs for fun with no experience nor expectations and hey, I got it in just 2.5 hrs of interviewing with 3 people and a tour of the campus. I guess what I'm trying to express to the people I care about is that 23 may seem like 2 years from a quarter of a century, and we might be competing with people who are selling companies, there is still so many years after to explore, learn, and do whatever the f\*\*\* you want before being sucked into the idea of what is the "right track" for you. I believe as long as I'm learning and creating value in someone's life, it's a good day. Do you, be you, and stop rushing your life. Believe in yourself, that's all you need, no more deadweights. That's my New Years resolution and it shall be a big year to come